today we're going to look at the priya
light leap Zig mbx 502 light kit it's a
pair of studio mono lights that will
work great for you even if your studio
is outdoors
hey guys Larry Becker here and today
I've got a 2 light kit plus a radio
transmitter that's breaking ground
because of its wireless capabilities
sure these mono lights have built-in
wireless receivers that work with the
optional prio light radio remote control
but that's not really the groundbreaking
part what I'm talking about is that this
light with no cords or cables attached
has its power source
built in it's an exchangeable
lithium-ion battery pack that has enough
power for 220 full power flashes 440 1/2
power flashes or thousands of flashes at
the lowest power when it comes to power
these lights can be as powerful as 500
watt seconds or turned all the way down
to 16 watt seconds for a full 5 stop
range and it's adjustable in one tenth
of a stop increments the light is a
consistent 5500 degrees Kelvin and the
flash duration is especially short it's
just 145 hundredths of a second at full
power
that's the t5 value if you're into that
kind of measurement at full power it
only takes two and a half seconds
between shots to be ready to shoot again
and if you turn the power all the way
down to its lowest power you can even
trigger up to five flashes per second in
a burst there's a ready beep tone which
can be turned off and you'll see that
there's a green dome ready light on top
of the unit there's even a ready light
on the optional remote control if you
turn the power down and there's already
a full charge in the capacitor
there's circuitry onboard to dump that
extra power automatically so you don't
even have to fire a test flash to dump
the power flash sync speed is one two
hundredth of a second for focal plane
shutter cameras which covers most of us
but it can be up to one eight hundredths
of a second if you have a central
shutter camera charging these units
takes about two and a half hours to get
to 80% capacity and three hours tops it
off but if you're in a studio with
access to power nearby you can leave the
units plugged into the charger and then
any time the flash isn't fire
it's charging personally I probably pick
up an extra battery or two and keep them
charging all the time this way I could
have the cordless convenience and
whenever the battery runs out
I just swap out the batteries and put
the dead one on the charger let's take a
minute and look at the batteries and the
charger
I'm surprised just how small these
batteries and the charger are the
battery is incredibly easy to swap and I
really like the placement of the power
switch under the spring-loaded panel
this way you don't have to worry about
the light getting accidentally switched
on while it's in transit in fact there's
even a warning that these lights should
always be powered off before you move
them even in the studio and that
includes swapping light modifiers now as
a gear nerd I do whatever I can to
protect my gear and myself so following
guidelines like these for whatever gear
I'm using makes sense but there's one
safety warning in the manual that just
made me laugh it says and I'm quoting
here flash units may not be operated
without supervision I'm not exactly sure
what constitutes a prio light supervisor
the mbx 500 has an 80 watt modeling
light and what's really nice is that it
stays on for about 10 minutes now it's
going to turn off then to conserve
battery but it lets you reposition your
model and move things around while
you're studying the light so you can
actually see what you're about to get
the light with the battery installed and
a reflector in place is about 8.4 pounds
so I really appreciate the mounting
hardware specifically there's a rail
along the entire underside so that you
can move the unit forward or backward to
balance it depending on what light
shaper you're using the mounting setup
accepts Bowens pencil and Priya light
mounting hardware and I really like that
the umbrella mount shaft is 10
millimeters so it can accept pretty much
any umbrella shaft out there by the way
if you have some other softboxes you
might be able to find some adapter speed
rings to convert to Bowens mount so that
you can keep using those as well the kit
that I have is a two light kit and that
comes with one softbox one umbrella two
sturdy medium light stands and a rigid
fabric case with wheels
the lights can be triggered via sync
cable infrared remote trigger optical
slave or using the built-in radio
receivers and if you decide that these
are the lights for you I can't imagine
not getting the optional trio light
radio remote control it's just so much
more than a trigger
it's a bi-directional radio device with
a readout that changes whenever you
change the power on the light so even if
you change the light power on the unit
you'll see those changes reflected on
the remote control and another great
feature is that you can see what power
setting each light has even if it
happens to be in a position where you
can't see the back of the light you just
look at your remote with this remote
system you can have up to four groups of
lights prio light calls them teams and
you can have up to nine lights per team
and the remote can even test fire each
light separately the remote may look a
little bit large but it's lightweight
enough that you don't even notice the
size and the controls are incredibly
intuitive and one of my favorite things
about this remote is that it uses
standard double-a batteries for the
power size and feature set the price is
just about what you'd expect but with
the incredible convenience of the
onboard battery meaning it's powered
cordless li not to mention the
impressive wireless set-up capabilities
the prio light mbx 502 light kit is in a
class by itself for bnh and kelby
training I'm Larry Becker thanks for
watching whether you're a hobbyist or
professional pnh has the answers to your
questions experience a world of
technology at our new york city
superstore connect with us online or
give us a call our staff of experts is
happy to help
Scott Kelby here and welcome to this
quick tour of our online training we
have hundreds of online classes for you
covering everything from lighting the
landscape photography from portrait
photography to the sports we have
classes on the wedding automotive
photography shooting food fashion travel
you name it the most incredible part of
this is the price you get all of this
for just one hundred and ninety nine
dollars a year or you can pay monthly
for just 24.95 24 hour a day 7 day a
week access from anywhere in the world I
invite you to join with us today and
start learning right now